are you planning to visit the full piece
all the small conference meetings for a
party in a nice private spot in the
heart of Metro Manila then the place to
be is Bela Christina located in Taguig
City Metro Manila just minutes away from
Ninoy Aquino International Airport
one of the most exclusive places to stay
in Manila a lovely and perfect place for
you to enjoy moments with your family
and loved ones to relax and to celebrate
special occasions this wonderful and
unique family-owned resort is only ten
minutes away from the fourth and the
market market try our breathtaking pool
with its charming open-air colleges that
makes it more comforting for everyone
this resort is equipped with strikingly
spacious bedrooms that comes with a
friendly family ambience for you too and
wine so what are you waiting for start
planning your vacation now at bella
cristina resort